Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Bethany Shadid: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: So what was it like in virtual clinic. Was it busy in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, come on.
Bethany Shadid: I don't
Bethany Shadid: Know what happens the first guy.
Bethany Shadid: Didn't know how to check me in or something. He couldn't figure it out.
Bethany Shadid: Sent me to somebody else.
Bethany Shadid: And then I was talking to that person. And then all sudden the audio cut out
Bethany Shadid: And I saw him trying to unmute me and stuff and and for the longest time, he just kept looking at me and I couldn't hear him, you know, like
Bethany Shadid: Like, I can't hear you. You know,
Bethany Shadid: So finally, he switched over to texting. He's like, Are you sure you can't hear like. Yes. Can you just tell me
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so maybe he's new I noticed
Gwenevere Abriel: When they were just saying his name that I didn't recognize the name
Bethany Shadid: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: So anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're starting to get a little, you know, little roller coaster.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so this week. What's it been like for you.
Bethany Shadid: It's been a bit rough. Okay, I'm definitely having a hard time
Bethany Shadid: With everything coming up. Um, I
Bethany Shadid: Kind of had a bit of distress moments, thinking about having to go back to work and the immediate feeling of panic and I'm not ready.
Bethany Shadid: This isn't a good time, you know, and
Bethany Shadid: Had to
Bethany Shadid: Calm down after that so
Bethany Shadid: And and a lot of issues with the sleepiness, the
Bethany Shadid: Zoning
Bethany Shadid: Movie. You know, I'm more aware of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just check on some of these pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thinking about having to go to work. And where's that pressure coming from. Is that from you. You have a set deadline for yourself.
Bethany Shadid: No, um, I got a call from the human resources, lady. Okay. I didn't answer.
Bethany Shadid: Me a message.
Bethany Shadid: And said, Hey, how you doing just wanting to know, you know how everything's coming with your license. Now I know they have access. It's a public record. They can go look up and see if my license is active.
Gwenevere Abriel: And right
Bethany Shadid: Oh, I don't know what's going on there. But a friend of mine that's still working there said, I wonder, I was wondering what was going on.
Bethany Shadid: She said they were talking about you this week. And so the apprehension of quitting.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was
Bethany Shadid: Was the trigger. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's about quitting the pulmonary job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Okay. So, but you've already told them.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's left to quit. Tell me what the pieces that's distressing for you.
Bethany Shadid: Oh, I haven't told
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I had it in my head. You were here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh hey, I got you. All right.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, just stay out of work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Bethany Shadid: Pirlo
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Bethany Shadid: I just said, Okay, I'll, I'll be on furlough circle.
Bethany Shadid: Now that
Bethany Shadid: They're going to call and say, Okay, it's time to come back. I have to say.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you want to focus there. You want to focus on reading for that.
Bethany Shadid: No, actually.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Bethany Shadid: Through it, it's not so much telling them, I'm very comfortable with that.
Bethany Shadid: Okay. It was thinking about
Bethany Shadid: Having to start the new job. Okay. Um, and that I've kind of been able
Bethany Shadid: To give myself a lot of
Bethany Shadid: What do you call it.
Bethany Shadid: Sorry. People text, I'm
Bethany Shadid: A lot of room to work through some of the things that we're working through right now.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah. And that seems very difficult to do and starting a new job too. So I think that's where the panic Canaan. I've got to talk to people, but, you know, like, getting back to my responsibilities and work in that whole thing.
Bethany Shadid: Um, was more of the distress, so
Gwenevere Abriel: So well if that's the case.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: We can certainly put the particular technique on hold. Now the fact that it's busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing its hold on.
Bethany Shadid: Your bio
Gwenevere Abriel: Harm that was
Gwenevere Abriel: The fact that it might be busy in the unconscious messing with the very, like, what if it's the reason why
Gwenevere Abriel: The other workplace, aside from you are with some toxic people. But why the experience was so deeply personal and emotionally activating. So on one hand, I hear you. And we can do full stop. If anything, you know about me. I'm going to go with your lead.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can we'll shift gears. We can do light and fluffy. We can get. We can do whatever you want. But I also want to throw out the opposite, which is what if it means we're doing it and you might actually go to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Still be around toxic people because they're all around.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were not as activated.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it might also be the opposite effect. So I get the apprehension.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Now those that's that that part of your own work. And that's because we're starting to
Gwenevere Abriel: You brought up you know this this trauma history and we've been doing some direct work with the am Dr.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tony
Gwenevere Abriel: You could. What is it that's coming up. Like, what are we talking about right now.
Bethany Shadid: Oh,
Bethany Shadid: So,
Bethany Shadid: Um,
Bethany Shadid: I was listening to a sermon.
Uh huh.
Bethany Shadid: And there was one part of it that really stuck out to me, which was the guy was talking about lions.
Bethany Shadid: Lions in captivity versus lions in the wild. And they they noticed that lions in the wild have inflamed adrenal glands.
Bethany Shadid: And their life expectancy is 10 to 15 years, whereas a lion in captivity lives much longer.
Bethany Shadid: And the stress, you know, on somebody's life expectancy realizing that for the majority of my life, I've kind of been running it a high stress level was pretty
Bethany Shadid: Hit. Hit home and then
Bethany Shadid: I had a video doctor's appointment with the GI doctor
Bethany Shadid: And I told her all about this genetic disorder that I, you know, probably have and want to get tested for. And the reason that God's you know
Bethany Shadid: Was a priority being the kidney stones, but you know my liver WAS INFLAMED at the ER visit, which is why I got this consult
Bethany Shadid: And so she pretty much goes, Well, I actually, I don't know anything about that. I've never heard of that, but we should get an MRI of your liver and it's probably just this and the visit was tops five minutes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is not the doctor, you're going to work with. I hope
Gwenevere Abriel: And not it.
Bethany Shadid: Was like, all right.
Bethany Shadid: You know, and just got off and I think I was really dealing with
Bethany Shadid: I'm not being heard. I'm not being understood
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, I see it.
Bethany Shadid: And then, um,
Bethany Shadid: I was reading some more so because I am a medical professional
Bethany Shadid: I'm able to read more about this genetic disorder that I need to get tested for and there's a whole part of it.
Bethany Shadid: You know, and understanding the genetic components and how high levels of stress and cortisol.
Bethany Shadid: Yep, and activate these, you know, negative gene.
Bethany Shadid: So anyway, it was kind of a rough thinking about how
Bethany Shadid: All that stress played in has played into my health.
Bethany Shadid: Um,
Bethany Shadid: And really like
Bethany Shadid: Feeling like I don't have somebody that's taking that
Bethany Shadid: Interest in saying yes to get you tested. Yes, we need to do this, I hear you, you know,
Bethany Shadid: Frustrating so
Bethany Shadid: Just got really exhausted. This week I'm
Bethany Shadid: Trying to be kind to myself.
Bethany Shadid: Um,
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: The other wonderful part of all of this.
Bethany Shadid: Is that Saturday night I got together with some friends like two friends and my friend's husband and found out
Bethany Shadid: I'm random. I don't even know how we got started on the subject, but I found out that
Bethany Shadid: My friend and her husband.
Bethany Shadid: Their daughter her stepdaughter
Bethany Shadid: They recently found out that she had been abused by her grandfather, his father.
Bethany Shadid: From age 12 to like 17
Bethany Shadid: Know,
Bethany Shadid: He's kind of this macho guy and you can tell he's had some counseling, but he doesn't really like get all of the psychological, emotional impact of that kind of abuse. So it was it was a little bit
Bethany Shadid: jarring listening to their whole situation and how they're dealing with it and everything he I know because I opened up and shared. I said, Whoa, you know, I'm I was abused as well.
Bethany Shadid: And he asked about if I told my, my parents.
Bethany Shadid: Because his daughter never said anything. And she told him later when it all came out.
Bethany Shadid: The reason she didn't say anything is because he threatened to kill everybody if she told
Bethany Shadid: And he goes, I just don't get it, you know. He's like, I just don't get it, you know, and, and we all were trying to
Bethany Shadid: You know, explain how she's a child. She's surviving in her head, you know, she was manipulated and so it was like bringing up so much stuff and then him and his earnest need to want to understand was like GRILLING ME ABOUT, LIKE, WHY I DIDN'T TELL more and you know it was like really jarring.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, so kind of all this wonderful stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bethany.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, when you saw how his psychological mindedness was
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's the top and he's not there. He's somewhere in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you decided
Gwenevere Abriel: To put this very precious thing you have, which is your truth, your history in his hands. Tell me the logic about that.
Bethany Shadid: I wanted to help him understand his daughter and honestly I didn't
Bethany Shadid: The telling him that I been i'd also been an abuse victim. That wasn't the vulnerable part for me it was when
Bethany Shadid: He was asking me all the other questions that I could have and probably should have opted out, you know, okay, I gave him this little piece so that he would listen to me and it was the from there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Back, right, what would have been ideal. Here's the piece. What did you want to hear from him that that would have been ideal.
Bethany Shadid: I'm like, oh wow and and
Bethany Shadid: I guess I don't know because when I say that, then I'm like, Well, that really does open everything up for him to ask more questions.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, so
Bethany Shadid: That doesn't really make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which brings us back to
Gwenevere Abriel: protecting yourself, which has to do with your reading people you didn't know you could see it. He has he can
Gwenevere Abriel: Do the jargon. He knows some words.
Gwenevere Abriel: You wanted him to understand
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe that's it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you're not in the role of nurse right there.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's Play that out the other way. What if you had honored that initial gut feeling.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not in the role of helper. I have no one to protect right now there is nothing to sacrifice. I don't need to. I'm just going to sit
Gwenevere Abriel: What would that scenario happened like
Bethany Shadid: Would have been fine.
Bethany Shadid: Because my friend did it, she just sat there and listen.
Bethany Shadid: To the other
Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: But
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You wanted to help
Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: You know, to, I think I with my two friends that were there.
Bethany Shadid: I trust them.
Bethany Shadid: And I think that trust transferred over to her husband when
Bethany Shadid: I don't know him like that, you know,
Bethany Shadid: So I think that may have been part of it is low.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, and you still have every right to say, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm done talking about it. Like, you still have a right to pull the reins.
Gwenevere Abriel: At any point. And so this since that is what happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meeting that moment, which is a common one is, that's my limit. I just reached it
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember thinking I've reached it and now I just right he's he's inundating you with with, right, like you said, he has the intentions were great. He was trying to have compassion and understanding for his. I think it's a stepdaughter maybe
Bethany Shadid: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: There. Yeah, yeah.
Bethany Shadid: But
Gwenevere Abriel: You you found
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember, was it that hot core. What was it that registered first
Bethany Shadid: I stopped breathing.
Bethany Shadid: I started holding my breath.
Bethany Shadid: Okay, and it was when he started asking me a bunch of questions about my parents, my dad what you know.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I was like,
Bethany Shadid: Okay go there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's say that this is going to happen again that your good intentions will be the lead in the chill the want to help, but maybe you'll already sort of helping and then you'll register. I think I offered more than what I have to give that might happen, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of that. So if you already assume. Well, let me check in and see if it's true. Do you have a right to change your mind.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean it genuinely like the real question.
Bethany Shadid: As yeah I
Bethany Shadid: Have never thought about it that way because
Bethany Shadid: So much I want to help. And part of that I know is people
Bethany Shadid: Open up when they
Bethany Shadid: When I share my side of it. So it's like giving a piece so they feel comfortable to you know, open up and I don't think I've ever realized that in doing that. I'm not just giving them a little to feel comfortable. I'm
Bethany Shadid: giving them some vulnerability will open the door to that. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just take that one piece. And I wrote this down the language you use just now. It's really important so
Gwenevere Abriel: I opened up. Let's keep it really simple. I opened up and disclosed so that he couldn't you just said it so he could open up
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's the thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: What he did was he asked questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice that right in that moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll track it back to more original signals but right in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your intention was to create a safe space so that he could open up
Gwenevere Abriel: But he's not so you could redirect it if you wanted to. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I share my story with people at times.
Gwenevere Abriel: To create this sort of openness for other people to open up. What is this been like for you as a father to have a daughter that went through this
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I shared nothing. Now I want you to go back to the therapist role.
Gwenevere Abriel: For a moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does anyone know my stories. No. No one does.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes therapists do in order to develop rapport and trust. But then what do you think's going to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: What happens, I'll tell you is this. They yes they yes but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, but yours wasn't like this, right, so then it's well yours wasn't as bad or or there's all lot of questions that come in and maybe I haven't limited maybe my boundaries here and I don't want. That's not clinically relevant. So what I needed to do in order to establish rapport.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wasn't explained to the person to the client.
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys get to do with it whatever you want to. You have that right and you want you're curious, let's say the person is curious, and they want to know more about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am trustworthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Without disclosure
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope and maybe I'm not, but I'm I think
Bethany Shadid: Am I, yeah, ya know, and it's making me think too that I was assuming I needed to open up to you know make him feel comfortable, but that's just what I've always done that doesn't mean that that's required. Every time you know
Gwenevere Abriel: So take a look in here. So there's a little bit of distance. So I'm carrying sort of your role of the helper for a moment what I did to earn your trust.
Bethany Shadid: Listen, genuinely
Bethany Shadid: Really listen. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: In that in that moment when you're hearing this man share right
Gwenevere Abriel: What could you have done to really show him that you could could really hold space for his confusion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is limited insight and having this happen right under his nose.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, being active listener and
Bethany Shadid: You know,
Bethany Shadid: all that that entails, I will
Bethany Shadid: You know that
Bethany Shadid: Actively showing him. I'm interested and
Bethany Shadid: Concerned and empathetic and without having to share my piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: But for a moment. I want you to think about what you could have actually said
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's actually easier to describe the phenomenon than it is to actually do it. So how would that sound.
Bethany Shadid: So he was like
Bethany Shadid: I knew he was in a big lawsuit issue with his parents.
Bethany Shadid: But I didn't know what it was about. So when he said I was like oh my goodness, I'm so sorry. I had no idea that that was the reason
Bethany Shadid: That's awful. Um, you know, how are you guys doing and then shared a little bit and I said you know well myself but instead I could have
Bethany Shadid: It could have gone more like
Bethany Shadid: I can't, I'm in shock as
Bethany Shadid: I can't even imagine what I would feel like if I was in your shoes and
Bethany Shadid: How this must have just
Bethany Shadid: Totally disrupted.
Bethany Shadid: You know your worlds. How are you doing,
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you doing you asking a question right, if we're going to listen. So you did some some validation. You did the I imagine I imagine this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something happened though right around the tone of. I can't imagine being in your shoes, something happened and I'm not quite sure what what that was. Do you know
Bethany Shadid: I think it was, I can imagine, right, but not wanting to
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, sugar,
Gwenevere Abriel: So I picked up on it sounded a little phony just a tiny smidgeon I'm glad you
Gwenevere Abriel: said something about it. So here's the trick.
Gwenevere Abriel: The trick is destiny.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't have to lie. I never lie. I don't lie. I don't lie to you guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't lie. There's no miss. No, there's nothing you have to lie about you give what you have to give
Gwenevere Abriel: So if it is the school one one more truth. One more. Below that, even the truth as in I can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Imagine from the perspective of the person who has it kind of happening in their own home. Tell me now what you like. Is there some signs that you didn't see now that's quite a view. But notice how I put it in a direction that's on like that is on
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it happen under your nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: That now you can see the signs, maybe you didn't then um
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, part of it, do you not get john Fred that her life that right cuz
Bethany Shadid: No. That makes sense unless I was putting on a I was using a phrase a common phrase, instead of being
Bethany Shadid: honest with myself about what I was saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can you can turn, man. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you you can imagine even worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You see, we don't want to ask, why would any therapist really be asking for you to not just do you but just giving what you have to give. So let's try it again. Let's do it again. See if you can make. And I noticed you were looking away because remember it's harder when we're making contacts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just but you can break contact here and there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, because it's harder.
Gwenevere Abriel: First, start with, if I am. What's this guy's name again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ronnie. If I'm running.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do we do you actually care about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do you care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you start there. Then you serve. Right. You start care.
Bethany Shadid: Gosh, Ronnie.
Bethany Shadid: I just feel so bad for you.
Bethany Shadid: I, I can't imagine the emotional load you're dealing with
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I can't
Bethany Shadid: My heart just aches for you. How are you doing, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That feel like it's getting closer to really yeah yeah
Bethany Shadid: Much more real and honest and
Bethany Shadid: Not disclosing I was so used to that so used to having
Bethany Shadid: Interesting.
But
Gwenevere Abriel: So your history is back to back, but actually both your mother and your father require you to defend your position you you do quite
Gwenevere Abriel: More than your fair share of diligence in getting ahead of it and being ready for a good defense and and the exhaustion that's involved in that. But you don't have to. You owe us nothing for a woman, you are an adult, you all mean nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get that
Bethany Shadid: I do. But I it's so foreign to me I that I can say it and I don't even realize when I'm getting into it, you know.
Bethany Shadid: Until, like we said like, oh, I'm holding my breath. Okay, maybe I didn't wanna. Okay, this isn't the way I wanted the conversation. Oh yeah, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
And
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this maybe it's a bit thinking of it like in phases or in stages or steps and think, while I'm in therapy working on my boundaries.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I'm learning where they are and my if it is this comfort level of being able to say, you know what, I just got myself a little uncomfortable. I want to change the topic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I have humor. Right, so I throw that I get away with a lot because I give myself that so it may not look like I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: A session earlier today. I'm actually a little out of sorts and not actually feeling that great.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I lost my train of thought. It doesn't happen too often, but I did so I really know my cognition is really kind of sideways and I did. And then I was like, Oh, I just lost my train of thought it's person picked right up and kept going and then I remembered
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I came back, he said, I just caught it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to do that to you get to say
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I over shared. I don't really want to answer questions about it. But I'll tell you what I can do. Ronnie.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can tell you this concept about feeling threatened, it's a pretty common one. In fact, I know city could pull it further, further away. I know therapists often ask
Gwenevere Abriel: Survivors, they'll say, was anyone in your family threatened or did you have this belief or perception that harm might come to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or someone you love. If you told I said it makes it even worse that trauma is worsened by that thread. Did you know that Ronnie. It's so you see how it went out here went to philosophical it went to sort of a psycho educational thing right now that happened to be a nugget. I had
Gwenevere Abriel: You may have some to where could you have helped. Is it him or is it his daughter, like how if he has understanding why then he'll treat his daughter with more respect. Like, where might that healthy delivered
Bethany Shadid: Yeah. Well, it was obvious that his wife, my friend. She's also an abuse victim herself and and so she understands. He's grappling with it. He. None of this makes sense.
Bethany Shadid: His worldview. You can tell his worldview is really set and then this happened and now he likes so confused about what
Bethany Shadid: And so
Bethany Shadid: His and this is horrifying. But his mother told him that his own daughter was trying to seduce her
Bethany Shadid: Husband, or the grandfather and that it's her fault.
Bethany Shadid: And
Gwenevere Abriel: He
Bethany Shadid: Has pretty horrifies yeah and that and the father
Bethany Shadid: He's talked to him and asked him, like why and
Bethany Shadid: It, it's very obvious that he was very close with his Father before all this happened.
Bethany Shadid: And that's the hardest part. You know, we, they were in the business together. They were best friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't show
Gwenevere Abriel: But wish I was at the table. I would have kicked your leg.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would have kicked you like don't you say a word.
Bethany Shadid: I'm wondering, we were all like
Bethany Shadid: Just there listening to this and
Bethany Shadid: You know,
What yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you think at best would happen with your help. What did you think would happen
Bethany Shadid: I know for me, it's nice to
Bethany Shadid: Talk to people that
Bethany Shadid: Relate and so I felt like
Bethany Shadid: Disclosing
Bethany Shadid: Would be a comfort. That's all.
Gwenevere Abriel: But she did talk and my daughter wasn't in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: So no trial and see that he
Gwenevere Abriel: Write it who and now you go one step up and you you knew about the mother and like you see it. Does this look more like a victim or a perpetrator.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanting the perpetrator to understand you, what harm.
Bethany Shadid: No, no, no, no, no. I think I confused you so Ronnie.
Bethany Shadid: His father abused his daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's move on. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, but I'm not sure I'm off so
Gwenevere Abriel: roadie Ronnie's dad for whom they had a very close relationship is knowing confusion because Ronnie step daughter was
Bethany Shadid: His biological daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ronnie's daughter was
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a survivor of molestation between 12 and 17 by Ronnie's father
Bethany Shadid: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Bethany Shadid: I'm not, I'm not bother.
Bethany Shadid: Ronnie's father
Bethany Shadid: His wife was the one
Bethany Shadid: Who said was said it was
Gwenevere Abriel: Just yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, I'm not off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, watch.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't matter who so. Watch it. Watch it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: If. What's the little girl's name. What's the 17 year old son or
Gwenevere Abriel: Daughter Danielle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Danielle Danielle was in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: This version of help what you just did have, wouldn't it be nice if someone felt comfortable and could relate
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's relate both survivor.
Gwenevere Abriel: But who was in the room was Ronnie, whose father was the perpetrator, for whom Ronnie is very close and whose wife is accusing Danielle of basically bringing it on herself. So what you ended up doing was trying to convince and I know this sounds really weird but work with me here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're trying to tell the perpetrator you're trying to get again see it from the victim's point of view, don't be confused. This is, believe me, this is awful and and and so what I just saw was like
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to
Bethany Shadid: I actually didn't click until now, but I think I
Bethany Shadid: Saw my father in him.
Bethany Shadid: And the not understanding
Bethany Shadid: That's it. The confusion like
Bethany Shadid: Wanting like it's like he doesn't listen to me. He wants experts to tell him this than the other but wanting him to understand
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, don't be confused. Other. Don't be confused. This is wrong. It was horrible. I'm completely transformed because of it. My life trajectory went left when it could have gone some other direction. What's there to be confused about here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And so, so you saw me kind of pushing a little hard there, and I apologize if I was to push it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess the reason I will say why questions very often in therapy, but it speaks to number that original question.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to kind of put your little self out here like this to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: The last thing we want is to put our underbelly our vulnerable self around someone who is either a ignorant.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ignorant confused. No, no, no, no. Again, members of phase. It's a stage. And so instead it's, I'm going to put it out with someone who can relate to me a Danielle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Them.
Gwenevere Abriel: A best friend someone who's been with it, but otherwise we're putting our selves out for someone to
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be like the. Can you imagine what if he had said something. And frankly, he did by curiously because you had to hear this re abuse assault come down from this twisted thinking from this grandmother right thing and then I should have about that.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You, it would have been one extra layer of distance, had you read the signs which you you felt them somewhere because you told me straight away. He had sort of this superficial insight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not, not trustworthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I, I trust you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You need to trust you.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, well, and then that was the. That was the other part that was a little bit difficult is that my friend Stacy, who was also witnessing this you know like happen.
Bethany Shadid: She texted me later and was like, wow. She was like, how did you feel about that conversation and some of the things that she pointed out, I was like,
Bethany Shadid: Oh my gosh, like
Bethany Shadid: I totally missed
Bethany Shadid: I totally didn't like that red flag. I didn't see
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, that thing I didn't notice or that yeah so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, stay there with that stay there. That's the work right there, that's the piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why I keep saying this is in phases someday you want, months, years down the line to tell your story and you don't want to be owned by having to weigh whether someone's trustworthy or not fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's get the resilience up before you start throwing it out there so it doesn't wipe you out. That's fine. You want to do that, but I can't help but want to protect you and that is if you can't catch those early signs, then just tell yourself. I tell them, nobody
Gwenevere Abriel: Until I'm better at reading the ones from just a boss who slams their hands down on a desk or does things that until I know how to do those
Gwenevere Abriel: My read on it. I might be. I might over disclose and make vulnerable. What is tender and and I need to register, I need to catch those signs need to get better and more skilled at it, it's going to take some time. And for now, none of y'all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Do you see it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: baby step.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your, your register of having to just share everything to just give it all over to mom to dad just Glenn and then when you have an important one wasn't believed, just the insanity that created
Gwenevere Abriel: unraveled unravel that
Gwenevere Abriel: You when you catch it. I
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to help because that's going to happen. You're a helper. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not going to share or you can, but I'm saying as a new philosophy. If you wanted to do it differently. Just say
No.
Bethany Shadid: I definitely, yeah. Was I think that's a good and
Bethany Shadid: Honestly,
Gwenevere Abriel: With with a with a girl with a seven. Isn't that a totally different audience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Now look, that word relate
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: He needs to know she's still lovable. Okay. She doesn't have to go crazy that her dad doesn't get it or their grandparents are going
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to you could really help her with that right kind of send her in this crazy direction as if somehow blaming the victim girl. Hold on tight because not everybody's going to understand it. But I'll tell you what I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, that's the relate
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, for real.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's signs so catching them and it's no
Bethany Shadid: Different
Gwenevere Abriel: It's no different than when you're going to go to the new workplace and you're going to need to see signs. Is this person trustworthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or am I going to keep this conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and short. I'm going to use my. I'm just going to be sweet, but I am not going to give until they have earned your trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: Through and you can be a little ways they didn't gossip. They sit. They made a sweet. So they asked me questions they show they cared and time after time after time, they weren't overly
Gwenevere Abriel: By trying to get it just too nice like they want something. Okay, now that when I ain't gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: Do nice to nice even right what's up.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to just keep watching. I'm going to go nice and slow. I'm going to see if my register is getting better and better if I can see the signs and still people will betray us, they still mess with us. I know that. But I'm talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: Chicago
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: I can't even
Bethany Shadid: practiced it and
Bethany Shadid: I guess this is a good opportunity for me to go in and practice.
Bethany Shadid: It's
Gwenevere Abriel: It really is. So I'm excited. You're going to go to a new I don't. I didn't hear you over and you're starting this new job. But if you are. That's exciting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we get to do it again. Now I got to witness because now I've been working with you long enough, I know what you're like right before and you're so excited so excited. Oh my gosh, what did you do so smart quickly and we let them know, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: I have these these challenges with these learning programs and blah, blah, blah. Okay. And then we run into toxic people demanding people and and then right all of these dynamics.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I gotta tell you, I know that it looks optimistic but it's a real possibility, same type of environment will be there.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: It's although I definitely know the
Bethany Shadid: Consequences of the over share
Bethany Shadid: Okay, and then living with that in a work dynamic now and how that is a big part of not
Bethany Shadid: Like wanting that clean slate. Right.
Bethany Shadid: Because I did that.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I became the over share very emotional to your, you know, like
Bethany Shadid: I get an opportunity to apply these things, this time. So that's what I'm excited about.
Bethany Shadid: But to hear
Gwenevere Abriel: What you hear in your voice. You might be saying that to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, your body's telling a different story. Right now, you know,
Bethany Shadid: I think it's just the feeling of not being ready to go back to work. Because of all this going on.
Bethany Shadid: I had a rough time
Bethany Shadid: This week,
Bethany Shadid: I need a plan.
Bethany Shadid: Because of not not realizing how
Bethany Shadid: This avoidance.
Bethany Shadid: My whole life is avoidance right now. I really, you know, I
Bethany Shadid: I guess I asked myself, honestly, it was like man, the quarantine right now.
Bethany Shadid: You know everybody's dying to get out and get back into everything. And I've just perfectly content.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I like the timing. It's given you a chance to kind of like, you know, oh
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me get myself ready again. Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I've had the opportunity to start trying to instill some new habits like exercising every day and
Bethany Shadid: Getting them to
Bethany Shadid: My
Bethany Shadid: Tasks and Bible time and I have my list here, drinking enough water.
Bethany Shadid: Creative be doing something creative every day and
Bethany Shadid: Because in the beginning when you're trying to instill that it can be very hard to keep it going. When you
Bethany Shadid: Are starting a new job. So it's like, yeah, wanting to have more time to
Bethany Shadid: Work on myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're, you're going to what I'm imagining you're feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're feeling. Yeah. If you've got it. It's just
Gwenevere Abriel: It just exudes from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the truth is that when you meet this new environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just another classroom for you to practice these skills. They are so fortunate to have you even walk through their door.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're just so lucky. And you get to show up and give as much or as little as you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're ready,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Another sandbox.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to you get to play. Okay, you're bringing this pale, she's got this shovel. Let's play
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. It doesn't have to be what I think your body is remembering is that emotional intensity of this other workplace of all of these other intense environments. It does not have to be that
Bethany Shadid: It can be very good. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can you this, but give it a chance to be the fresh start.
Gwenevere Abriel: I told you the way I look at it, right. It's this I'm new. Lots of room remember that one. Lots of room.
Bethany Shadid: Itself that too. I was like, I get to be lazy and not know what I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I I'm new lady.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm the new lady explain it to me again, just get into the notion of play.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm the new lady. Okay, I know. Say it again. Say it again. I get away with this new right there's that humor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, yeah, let me get my notepad and write it down by region. Imma, imma imma because right we were better when we hand write we write out the instructions. Give me a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds really important. I'm new.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me go get my notepad.
Gwenevere Abriel: We were forced it let me write it down, let me watch you let me do it stand over my shoulder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but this is how I work best, right, this could be fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fun.
Bethany Shadid: I know if I let myself.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But your body, saying, oh, it's going to be the same thing where you give and give and give and give and give and give and no one sees you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what it looks like.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's this these tears.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, well, I'm definitely feeling the impact of realizing
Bethany Shadid: The emotional dress load I've added me for a long time and how I need to release it and change my life. And so maybe that's part of it, not wanting to be in that place again but
Bethany Shadid: Being honest with myself about the fact that it's not just
Bethany Shadid: Like I'm not anticipating that everything's going to go perfect right like I'm trying to be real about it.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This desensitization stuff it's it's intended to make it so like what you're feeling right now it gets some distance, it's whole purpose is to give you relief and yes it's a bitter. It does taste better, but then the medicine works.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to keep working with you. I want to keep doing these things. But I also want it want to really back off when you say I've got to keep processing it
Gwenevere Abriel: Because
Gwenevere Abriel: If these ones are interpersonal when you're interacting with these people. You could have a healing experience. Oh, I just look at me, keeping I didn't say a word. I was like, Huh, that's really interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not my business.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have a healing experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's just as likely as the other.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And so this time you'll go and now we have more I have more information. This time I'm I really ready for
Gwenevere Abriel: Your style, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you're enough, not without you don't have to give
Gwenevere Abriel: All your enough with just this little bit you give
Gwenevere Abriel: Let us
Gwenevere Abriel: Earn
Gwenevere Abriel: Your trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see that this isn't. This is because we're not trustworthy. There's something flawed in you. It's it we suck.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were careless, you see.
Gwenevere Abriel: We need to earn your trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep that
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the way they got that posture up because that's right
Gwenevere Abriel: So keep your eye out for whether we are not
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Big one where, where are we, as we are at the top of the hour. I know I gotta go run a group, but life doesn't always happen right on time so
Bethany Shadid: We do anytime. Anytime next week, Monday at noon spine.
Bethany Shadid: Or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, how about there's a possibility. There's this thing happening, possibly tonight. I've got this backup at noon on Monday. So I'm not really sure. I'll be able to pull it off, you know, to worry about that. But that's a maybe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's rather
Bethany Shadid: I'd rather
Bethany Shadid: Text me later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, oh yeah, now that I might know
Bethany Shadid: Cuz I'm
Bethany Shadid: Fighting for
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's get, let's get something at least, just in case. And then I can text you tonight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go.
Gwenevere Abriel: One 110
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: On May. Well, that can't be right. Yeah, that's right. Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: May 27
Bethany Shadid: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just, just in case. But I'm going to send. I'm going to write myself a lot of notes here. I'm going to really endeavor to remember
Gwenevere Abriel: To check with you. So let me just write possible 12pm 525
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I better jump out of here.
Bethany Shadid: Did you say 1210 or
Gwenevere Abriel: One 110
Gwenevere Abriel: On May 27 yeah I might have missed spoken. I know I've got all these numbers.
Bethany Shadid: Though it's what dyslexic.
Bethany Shadid: Free. Don't worry.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Bethany Shadid: Anything happening group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we'll go
Right.